If you prefer a graphical user interface over command-line interface,
this lesson will introduce you to that.
So, let's head over to ethereum.org and got this up and running here,
and download the Ethereum graphical user interface.
I use a Mac so I'm going to go download that particular version.
So you click on this button called download.
So, the installation page would look something like this.
If you use a different computer or an operating system,
you click on all versions and you can bring the appropriate version.
So, if you use a Linux,
download the Linux 32 or 64,
if you got a Mac,
so I'm using Mac so,
I'll download this particular version here.
After you download and you go to the installations,
it'll install the applications folder,
and then when you bring it up,
when you launch the application,
the Ethereum graphical user interface would look something like this.
So, what it contains basically,
right now I'm connected to the test network,
so you got the main Ropsten and Rinkeby,
some connect to Rinkeby.
In this illustration, you got four accounts Mist account 1, 2, 3, 4.
I'm on accounts overview.
One thing to note is the ether that I have over here,
it's play ether, so,
you can use this ether in the main net,
so, this only work under incubator network.
So, give this a crack,
see you're able to installed the graphical UI with the Ethereum wallet in the Mist,
and if you don't have any accounts,
I think it's usually have one account to begin with,
and you can try adding new accounts as well.
In the next lesson, what I'll do,
I'll show you the different network types and how you can connect through that.